The course.
Conclusion I hope you've enjoyed this course about NVQ architecture.
As much as I've enjoyed sharing it, we know that unity is a versatile engine and a perfect tool for
creating great games using architectures like MVCs Brings confidence, organization and scalability
to your projects.
This course is designed such that the takeaway is that now you're confident to design and develop projects
using Unity and MVCs.
Every decision we make in software, be it the technology, the process or the people, can be viewed
as a form of investment.
Each investment comes with a cost, but we trust that these decisions will ultimately pay off.
That's very much how I recommend we look at architectures you've invested in yourself by completing
this course.
Your projects and your team will.
Thank you.
In summary, unity is a great platform for us to use.
We've seen that developers spend most of their time on the maintenance of existing code and that architecture
can help developers create projects with confidence, performance and scalability.
MVC architectures are proven solutions.
They've stood the test of time.
They help produce more testable projects and lead to faster development and better maintenance.
And we've seen that the Mini and VCs framework is ideal for production as well as educational purposes.
Some suggested next steps are to dive deeper into the design principles and design patterns we covered
in this course.
Bring MVC architecture into your current Unity project and your next projects as well.
I encourage you to check out other MVC frameworks for Unity so you can learn even more in this course.
We've covered a lot of concepts from high level theory right down into the code.
It's important that the learning doesn't end here.
Practice, practice and practice more.
Thank you very much for participating in the course.
I'm Samuel Asher Ravello.
I have over 20 years of experience in game development.
It's my mission to educate and entertain with interactive technology and it's been my pleasure to share
this course with you.
If you enjoyed this course as much as I did, please share this course with friends and colleagues.
Learn with my other courses and I'm available for remote contract hire.
Contact me at my website.
Thanks again.